Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, what we were going to do in this lecture is over here.
We're going to have the pro fly icon.
And over here, we're going to have the four rights icon and the comments icon and the share icon.
Okay.
Now, to do this, rather than need to go back to VSC court.
They can see over here we have a real widget and we're basically wrapping it with an expanded widgets
widget.
So you take what's the available space and the value.
We have a column widget.
Now that's a wrap the rest widget.
And that's a display tab vertically.
Right.
And the value we have in this stack are the reason for the stack is we want all this widgets on top
of the video player widget.
Okay.
So now what are going to need to do in this lecture is over here.
We're going to have some icons over here.
And you can see we basically have the root.
Right.
Okay.
And the first the first side of the role is what's a column widget?
Now, we can basically just get rid of this container since it really does nothing.
So you can highlight.
A light and use controlled dots removed this widgets.
Okay, control.
Now save.
You can see it's not going to have any effect on this.
Okay.
Now, over this row, we have a column write a column widget which is going to display and thus we just
we're going to be using vertically.
You can see this is a name and the caps are both displayed vertically.
So what we can do is we can rob this pardon with an expanded widget so it as well.
So this is a name that captures will take the available space is pounded.
Okay.
Now, is control necessary?
And now we can then have the rest of the widgets allow you to do this.
We need to come out from this expanded widget, right?
Okay.
So this is it over here.
We're going to need to add the a comma.
And the reason we are coming out is because this is basically we can just see this as the main first,
which acts as a means for us, which is of.
This role.
Okay.
Everything over here.
As the May 1st we get out of this row.
Okay.
So we're going to need to come out from this expanded widget in the that's a this video the widgets
over here.
Okay.
You're going to see this me?
And you're going to have a container widget.
A container.
And the reason for this container is so we have access to properties like weeds and we're going to say
on red percent.
And Margie, we're going to give you a margin to this.
And this is going to be hedge.
Hedge.
It said that Hall of Sighs.
We so we can just see that that's holy.
What do you want to give for the top quality?
It's what we can do.
We can get the screen of us off of our hub by saying medical evidence of.
Contests that called contest.
The size, the height, and we want to divide the screen up that gets in the screen.
We want two divided by five.
He is controlling this to save.
Okay.
And like I told you, we're going to be having this widgets over year.
Right.
And that with my discussion is going to be displayed wide vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
So as I just imagine.
Right, you can see does where we have Savitri in the corner and we can then have a child.
The child is going to be a column widget.
Hopefully you guessed this correctly and should read.
The first side is going to be a secure avatar because we just need a profile photo by the.
Okay.
And radius is as though it are around.
It's going to be, we can say 50.
And background color.
As you see this, you can see colors starts.
Darts.
Grey K is nice to see and you can see it just here.
Okay.
You can see, I think is way too big to say if you stand and see.
Okay, okay, okay, great.
We can just leave it for now like this.
We can stay that later.
And as you know, the sequester has the background image.
Right, which is going to be a network image.
But we could just leave that for now.
And now we can then have.
The icon.
Widgets that's going to be clickable.
So all we can do, we can grab this with an inkwell.
Okay.
Well, or we can just wrap this.
Yeah, we can dress up this little equal for now.
The inkwell and chide is an icon.
I call widgets.
I can start.
I calls it the war.
I think we have the we right.
Okay.
Favor.
Right.
Okay.
Let's think.
Think it's spelled F, a, v or R.
Okay, this and no.
You okay?
Is control necessary?
Let's check it out.
Are you going to sit over here?
Okay.
Now we can say caller and is going to be colors dark red.
And we can increase the size of the icon to 40.
Is contract to save.
And of course it.
Okay.
Now all we want is at the bottom of each icon.
We want to have the test.
That is how many likes we currently have.
So what we can do is instead of this, we can just get rid of this for now.
Look over this equal.
And we're going to have a cola right here.
You're going to see why subtly call them widgets.
And it's going to be children.
Their first child is then going to be this.
Okay.
Use control necessary.
And added in the comma and the second widget is going to be a test widget now.
Okay.
You can easily understand this.
Now we can say one.
Point 2000 likes.
Nods Q's legs and STI test sti.
Okay.
For now, you can just change the color to colors though.
Why?
And use control necessary and go check it out.
Are you going to sit on there?
Okay.
Great.
Now all we can do within this column.
It's in this column which, as we can see, may assist elements main as this elements.
Dodd made us an amendment, a supplemental space.
Equally so we want that.
This and this two have equal space.
Okay.
You can see now.
So what we can then do is we can say.
You can basically just copy this column.
It's fancier and additional comma and paste this.
Is.
And this is save.
And this is going to be.
Let's see if we have an Arkansas comment.
Okay, we do.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
You can see.
And we can see comments.
It's just going to be 2200 comment.
And as well, we can then pass this.
I think we need to try and is comprehensive and this going to be a high cost, we reply.
Reply and.
There's just going to be 500 chefs.
Oh, very poor.
Okay.
He's controlling this to save.
And.
Okay.
You can see now we can just change this color to colors the wide for now, probably in the future we're
going to need to change it and.
Okay.
Okay for the comment as well.
CALLER So I.
Okay.
Okay, Sims, go right.
Okay, guys, see you in the next picture.